GoStudy

Submitted on:  September 20, 2015 - 11:54am 
 
Idea:
 Guides students,learners to their interested course,subject; helps them finding respective college/teaching/training institution with all comparison.
 
Problem Solved:
Finding School/college/training/teaching institute of our is not an easy task. It is even difficult to go all institution and get details about it. This App helps;
1) Giving information of college in your hand so that you need not to spend your valuable time and effort in going all institution.
2) Knowing the details of every colleges/training academy at distant place from the location of the institute.
3) Information of Contact,location, process of enrollment and all other needy things are provided so that user can be sure where it is and how to get enrolled.
4) Suggests the person which subject to study and where to study as comparison about cost,location and others are provided.
5) Finding Entrance Preparation institutes for medical,para-medical,engineering,management,law,arts etc
6)Finding teaching institutes IELTS,TOEFL,GRE,GMAT,MCAT etc
 
Functions:
 1) Provide a friendly platform for students, learners seeking teaching institutions.
2) Helps promoting teaching academy as it reach out to many service seekers.
3) Provide correct information and details about the respective college, training centres, institutes.
4) Helps in calculating and evaluating those teaching academy in all perspectives like tuition fees,admission fees and other changes. 
 
Targeted audience:
 1) A passed +2 or A-level students seeking for undergraduate study in different colleges.
2) SLC passed students searching for +2 or A-level colleges in different parts of country.
3) Someone who wants to go abroad and wants to learn foreign language in desired place.
4) Parents who wants their daughter to enroll in Nursing college and son in engineering college or scenario like this.
5) A learner who wants to learn new skill of computer,hotel/restaurants,different other skills in choosen place.
6) Common man searching for driving school for getting driving licence.
7) Any enthusiast who wants to learn different course of vocational and non-vocational education.
 
Main Benefits:
1) Saves time and effort while searching for different colleges/teaching/training institution.
2) Provide plenty of options for students(users) to select from numerous teaching institutes.
3) Great opportunity for teaching institution founders and investors to promote with little virtual cost.
4) Colleges are rated by users so that students are attracted to the respective college/institution.
 
Platform: Android, Others(Web Application)  


