Kasapasa

Submitted on:  September 17, 2015 - 4:32pm 
 
Idea:
 Kasapasa offers two way gaming experience with awesome social gaming for audience with game events management environment.
 
 
Problem Solved:
Organizers find problems organizing events like league, tournaments or even a single match of a particular game and finding players and audience for these events is even a tough job. 
Kasapasa provides easy access for event management of both indoor and outdoor games like finding venue for the game, notify the interested users to become a player or a virtual audience.
As Events being published, events are notified to the interested user.
As events being organized, venues for football, paint ball, bowling, snooker, video games, archery etc are utilized to its fullest.
As being a two way entertainment, player(s) can enjoy the participation and virtual audience can enjoy playing the “guess the result of the game” and challenge to their friends.
Advertisement of the offers by organizers and venue providers can help increase interest for participation for both player(s) and virtual audience
 
 
Functions:
 The app notifies the game events to the users and they can request to participate either to be a player(s) or a virtual audience.
Virtual audience can guess the result or the score of the game to earn reward points.
Players can obtain reward points by wining a particular game.
Organizers and venue providers can earn reward points on the basis  of reviews, players and virtual audience. 
 
 
Targeted audience:
 -Game Enthusiast
-Players
-Game Event Organizers
-Venue Providers
 
Main Benefits:
1. Easy in serarching for events and participating.
2. Updates of events and users participating as a player or as an audience can help organizers conduct a good event.
3.Players participation in the events can help build strong fellowship and recognition.
4. Audience who enjoy challenging their friends to score higher reward points get identification.
5. Helps empty venues to its full utilization.
6. Reward points earned by organizers, venue providers, players and virtual audience can be used for many purposes
 
 
Platform: Android  


