NepaliCampers

Submitted on:  August 23, 2015 - 10:40am 
 
Idea:
 An app targeting Internal and External tourists to provide them with all the information they need to know including Real time Language Translation.
 
Problem Solved:
This App solves all the problem to internal and external tourists as listed below:
 
1) Problem of having to search through Numerous sites and Agencies to find a best place/hotel to stay.
 
2) Problem of having to search through Numerous sites and Agencies to find a proper place to visit.
 
3) Problem of experiencing unexpected weather.
 
4) Problem of having to hire a translater or go through basic tutorials just for communication.
 
5) Problem of having to carry all their money due to lack of daily expenditure estimation.
 
6) Problem of Currency Conversion.
 
7) Problem of having to solve all the above problems separately.
 
Functions:
 The main elements of our app can be listed below:
 
1) The app provides the location of the nearby restaurants and provides an approximate navigation to that place.
 
2) This app also notifies the users about random facts of upcoming events in their particular location.
 
3) This app provides a rough chart so that the user can estimate a rough amount of money to carry with them for the whole day.
 
4) This app also provides a small panel to convert basic communicative statements from nepali to english. It also provides some audio feedback of selective sentences.
 
5) This app also allows the user to go through all the places to visit, stay or eat, to get the best possible and the most comfortable place for them.
 
6) This app encorporates all the above feature, so now the user will have less workload and can spend his vacation freely.
 
 
Targeted audience:
 Our target audience are the internal and external tourists, that are wanting to spend a quality day on the land of Nepal.
 
Main Benefits:
This App benifits all the problem to internal and external tourists as listed below:
 
1) They dont need to go through Numerous sites and Agencies to find a best place/hotel to Stay.
 
2)  They dont need to go through Numerous sites and Agencies to find a proper place to Visit.
 
3) They dont need to face unexpected weather.
 
4) They dont need to hire a translater or go through basic tutorials just for communication.
 
5) They dont need to carry all their money due to lack of daily expenditure estimation.
 
6)They dont need to go through the headache of Currency Conversion.
 
7) They dont need to choose the best hotel to stay in.
 
Platform: Android  


