NepaliDevelopers

Submitted on:  September 4, 2015 - 11:48pm 
 
Idea:
 This application is a complete tourism application which target Tourists, Travel Angencies and Nepal Tourism Board.
 
Problem Solved:
Problem that can be solved
1. Travel agency can ensure security of their tourists by maintaining privacy of legally staying tourists.
2. Help Nepal Tourism Board to keep track of legally and illegally staying tourists every year.
3. Our application has place rating feature ,so Nepal Government can focus which place must me focused for tourism development in Nepal.
4. Tourist must not invest more time for searching good travel agency in Nepal, all travel agency will be listed in single place in list.
 
Functions:
 Main functions and elements
1. Location Tracking
2. Lost Notification
3. Blacklisted Tourists
4. Rating of the places
5. Travel Agencies of Nepal
6. Calculating annual tourist rate
 
Targeted audience:
 Target auidence:
1. Tourists
2. Travel Agencies
3. Nepal Tourism Board(NG)
 
 
 
Main Benefits:
Benefits 
1.Tourists
- Search better travel agency from single place.
- Position tracking feature but only by their respective travel agency.
- Lost feature by using single button, notification along with tourist location will be sent to respective travel agency.
2. Travel Agencies
- Advertisement of all travel agencies of Nepal affiliated with Tourism Board of Nepal.
- Our application will just act as bridge between travel agencies and tourist. Our application will just set way for tourists towards travel agencies.
- Our application will help travel agencies to ensure security of tourists.
3. Nepal Government
- Track number of  tourist entering in Nepal every year.
- One of the most important feature of our application is to help Nepal Government to track the illegally staying tourists.
- Once the tourist is considered illegal they are listed in blacklist and their location will be flashed using this application.
- Track place in accordance to the rating of tourists, so that the place development can be focused more.
 
Platform: Android  


