SmartBabyBathoBachcha

Submitted on:  September 10, 2015 - 5:37pm 
 
Idea:
 Teach your growing kids fundamental things(for example ABCD,123)and many more  in a smart and interactive way through graphics, animation and much.
 
Problem Solved:
App will help to imrpove teaching quality in Kindergarten,School,Day care and in-home for kids through the use of interactive,graphical,animated material.
 
Functions:
 Animation to show different material to teach kids.
Graphics, videos and sound to make learnig interactive and interesting.
 
 
 
Targeted audience:
 Parents having new born baby, Kindergarten, schools, day care.
 
Main Benefits:
1) Interactive:- User (parents,teachers,care giver) can teach kids through graphics, animation,voice,video in a interactive way.
2) Learn with Fun:- Kids can enjoy learning process and will make them interested in leaning more.
3) Cost Saving:- No need to purchase bunch of books and other material to teach kid.
4) No Wear and Tear:- Books are pron to wear and tear but smart phone are not. No need to worry about purchasing another book.
5) Unlimited Material:- Unlimited interactive material will be available through timely update.Just need to update app.Free of cost.
6) Portable:- You carry phone wherever you go.so you carry all the material needed to teach your kid. Travelling on bus, plane,train, playing in park you can teach kid and have fun.
7) Multilingual:- App will be availabe on multiple language. You can teach local language to your kid in a interactiInve way.
8) In-app test:- After teaching some specific topic we can take test and assess how much kid has learned.
9) Online Record:- Can keep progress record of kid and show them in a graphical way like Graph with suggestion to improve learing.
10) Teaching material in a package: Teaching material will be availabe in a package based on kids age group. Once the kid has learned one package completely new material will be available.
11) Any device:- Will be available on any device like smart phone, Tablet and samrt TV.
12) Data analytics:- Kids progress will be analyzed everyday based on test result and daily leaning and will be given suggestion and new material needed to improve learning.
 
 
Platform: Android, iOS, Windows phone  


