Technocrats

Submitted on:  August 24, 2015 - 12:35am 
 
Idea:
 A solution to each and every health needs through the help of a health forum app .
 
Problem Solved:
Problems regarding the immediate need of health advice.
Problems created due to  aftermath of bigger events like natural disasters.
Problems regarding finding hospitals and appointments 
Problems related to ratings of the doctors as well hospitals/clinics .
Busy schedules of the doctors and the inconvenience caused due to it to the doctors as well as patients.
Clarification of the category of problems.
Problem related to Certified services provided by hospitals/ clinics as well as doctors.
Problem of use of medicine without proper advice.
Problem of finding specialist for certain health issues.
Problem related with supervision of health services.
Pre-response to the patient condition before going to hospital
Problems relating to unhealthy lifestyle.
 
 
 
Functions:
 It lets patients choose their category of problem and doctors and hospitals are listed on that basis. They have option to ask to the specific doctors or general doctors
doctors suggesstion can be rated and recommended by more
Health tips everyday for the healthy lifestyle
Users will be given the option to make their account so that they can store their medical records so that doctors can give advice on that basis
Threads are created on the basis of similar problems
Users will be able to search for the similar problems with the help of labels.
Medical students can check on users history which can help them in their studies
Users will be able to comment on threads so that they can find more solutions from the doctors on the same topic.
Users can also give feedback on the advice given by the doctors so that others can either have positive impacts or be more alert about the problem.
Users will be able to book appointments with the desired doctors or in the desired hospitals/clinic.
 
 
Targeted audience:
 18+
 
Main Benefits:
1. Ease of access to medical advice
2. Time efficient due to on the spot problem solving
3. Quick response to the problems
4. Medical advices on the go
5. learning opportunity for the medical students
6. Proper advice by certified doctors.
7. Clarification of most of the problems
8. Works like a health blog so people can have a healthy lifestyle
9. Cost efficient health services
10. Learning on the basis of others experiences.
11. Ease of access to handicapped people.
 
Platform: Android  


