MeroHospital

Submitted on:  September 6, 2015 - 9:36pm 
 
Idea:
 Schedule an appointment with any doctor in a hospital, entirely from within your cellphone.
 
Problem Solved:
It basicaly sets the target to eliminate all the queue of patients in front of a hospital ticket counter, reducing the time wastage of patients and hospital staff.
A huge and unmanaged crowd of people shall be completely eliminated, leaving only sufficient number of people inside a hospital compound at any specific time upon a successful usablity of the app. This has many side benefits to be explained later.
Hospital Management shall be able to handle all the appointment bookings easily, efficiently and with high accuracy via a web based backend, where every little information is editable by the authenticated user.
Doctors are able to view and get notified (if necessary) on the schedules they are liable for. They are also able to post/update general/specific medical information which is viewable by the patients/users.
 
 
Functions:
 1. Ability to add/update hospital details, including doctors' profiles, department information, hospital services, appointments dates, etc. by the hospital admin.
2. Ability for the users/patients to view the above information and schedule an appointment with a desired doctor.
3. Ability to request for specific blood group to the rest of the users.
4. Ability to contact the blood receptor in order to willingly donate blood on demand.
5. Ability for the doctors to view their schedules and act accordingly. They are also able to post different health issues/solutions viewable by the users/patients.
6. Ability to pay the appointment bills via the Cellphones.
 
Targeted audience:
 All kinds of users. Basically, every individual who is a potential patient in their lifetime.
 
Main Benefits:
1. Super easy to schedule an appointment with specific doctor in specific hospital
2. Visit the doctor in the hospital only at the time of your appointment.
3. Pay your appointment charge via your mobile phone without having any bank accounts.
4. Forget about standing in the queue for hours to get an appointment fixed
5. Get notified about your scheduled appointments before time
6. Make a mass request on urgent need of Blood, specyfying the Group, to the other users of the app. (This feature is believed to reduce a lot of obstacles for finding blood for their patients)
7. Get health posts from different doctors and be health aware in smallest to all levels
8. Hospital admin can convey all necessary information about their hospital, i.e. doctors, appointments, departments, news, etc. via the backend provided.
9. Doctors are benefitted by having them bound to the routines/schedules. They may view their patients for the day and be prepared.
10. Hospital Ticket Counter staff can view the scheduled appointment list, categorize them according to wards/departments, print those tickets and attach them to the respective report files of the patient to be delivered to the specific room before the time of the appointment.
 
Platform: Android, iOS, SMS, Others(web based backend)  


