Sportify

Submitted on:  September 3, 2015 - 3:45pm 
 
Idea:
 An app that lists major upcoming sporting events and also notify the user by setting a reminder of the matches of your interest (those you select).
 
Problem Solved:
With Nepal reaching its heights in World Cricket arena and with lucarative tournaments like BPL, La liga, 2016 World T20 etc. around ,there is need of an app that Lists the major upcoming matches, so that user doesn’t need to search for schedule/fixtures everyday about different games on different sites,they get all in ours .It also Notifies/Reminds the user about the game of their interest so that they don’t misss that important matches. Also we will update the app with major sports news from around the world at the end of the everyday.
 
Functions:
 Basically ours is a schedule/fixture app
1. It lists major upcoming matches along with their brief information in the main quick box
2. Listing also contains a Checkbox which when checked triggers reminder of the smartphone and sets itjust before some time(provided by user) of starting of the match making user aware about the match
3. Apart from quicklaunch lists the app also contains full fixtures of running tournaments
Future plans:
4.We also view to develop the app with livescores as soon as possible with our skills and available resources. And extend the number of other sports too as per need.
 
Targeted audience:
  
Our major target audience are huge mass of crazy football freaks who stays awake till the dawn, just not to miss to watch their team play.
And all the curious Nepali cricket supporters who don’t want to miss any bits and pieces of Nepali cricket(and other) matches
 
Main Benefits:
 
 
1. Users do not need to search for the different sports in different sites, they get all in one.
2. The reminder ensures no one miss their special matches by notifying them at the right time just before the match starts.
3.User will get news about sports from around the globe in our app.
4. We will also provide live streaming links to various games (if available). so that user shouldnt spend hours searching the link of the match.
 
Platform: Android, Windows phone  


