Techno-Cloud

Submitted on:  September 17, 2015 - 11:10pm 
 
Idea:
 Provide service to general public by providing information about different hospitals/clinics with location and various first aid informations.
 
Problem Solved:
 Our application will solve the following problems listed below:
1.Provide detail information(such as contact number, email, location and so on ) of hospitals & clinics of nepal.
2.Provide solutions of general public queries(such as about medicines, about various diseases and so on).
3.Provide location of near by hospitals & clinics.
4.Provide various health as well as healthy food tips.
 
5.provide information about various diseases & their symptoms with various prevention methods.  
 
6.Show registered health professionals & health services which will save our users from fraud one's.
 
 
 
 
 
 
Functions:
 The main function of our application will be to provide fast and efficient way to stay in touch and exchange information which will help to thrive health sector of a country & also country's economy.
The elements of our application will be as points listed below:
1.Functionality.
 
2.Engagement.
 
3.Security.
 
4.Constant updates.
 
5.Market approach.
 
Targeted audience:
  
Target audience are general publics as well as health service peoples/ health care professionals such as doctors, nurses, and so on.
 
 
Main Benefits:
Main benefits :
1. Deliver simple, effective, inexpensive, and personalised solutions to users.
2.Help to change the way of our users (i.e doctors and their patients) to approach medicine and health issues.
 
3.Our app will help to increase healthcare professionals(i.e Doctors) knowledge of patients' conditions as well as patients knowledge of healthcare professionals through easy connectivity. . 
 
4.Various health tips will encourage users to take more responsibility for their health.
 
5.New feeds regarding various health tips, diseases & their symtoms with prevention methods, and so on.
 
6.Users(i.e general publics) can add their queries and feedback.
 
 
Platform: Android  


