Technocrats

Submitted on:  August 24, 2015 - 4:33pm 
 
Idea:
 e-NoteKaapi:A utility app that facilitates learners with free ebooks as well as the notes from concerning universities(Nepal+Foreign)
 
Problem Solved:

Bachelor students have difficulties in preparing their notes from the exam point of view.
Education institutes lacking sufficient tutorials and notes
Finding the good answers of question.
Unable to communicate with the teachers of other colleges for question discussion
Lack  of platform for discussion with learners of similar faculty and interest
Limited sharing of knowledge/ information online
lack of research based learning
Low education status in the remote areas with inadequate educative materials

 
Functions:
 
Lets you choose the categories: University->College->Semester/Year->Subject
Gives class notes/ reference notes of the particular college prepared by the student or the teacher themselves.
Communication interface that lets student ask their queries which could be answered by a teacher or students.
Works like a forum for question/ answer with thread for similar kind of discussion
Students can rate the answer, i.e.  give Marks to the answer
View college ratings. College can post their ads as well
Recommend most popular eBooks. Free eBooks download

 
Targeted audience:
 1.Students (Mainly Bachelor Students)
2. Learners
 
Main Benefits:

All faculties course’s notes compiled in one app.
Students have ease in preparing the notes according to the prescribed syllabus of the universities.
Can download most popular free eBooks
Interactive communication forum between students, or student and teacher of any college.
Learners can get answers of their posted question and select best one among them.
sharing of Information I.e notes
promotes e-learning
promotes e-classroom
promotes self learning
targetting remote areas for education upliftment
promotes learning subject that interest learners
freedom to education
cost efficient learning

 
Platform: Android  


