Bitknit

Submitted on:  August 26, 2015 - 5:38pm 
 
Idea:
 An app to solve all the problems related to buses in Nepal. :)
 
Problem Solved:
The status of public transportation in Nepal is quite poor. Specially for the students and office-going people, this has become a nuisance. Our app will help the users to spend their travel in bus quite cozily, and will also not have to wait in long queues for the buses to arrive.
 
Functions:
 The following are the features of the app:
1. The app, on first run, sets your route and then periodically notifies you of the bus's arrival at a given location.
2. App sends out notification if a bus to your destination is in a radius of 1,000 meters.
3. App allows the users to book tickets for long-range travel right from their smartphones.
4. Users can see the exact location of the upcoming bus and the ETA for that bus.
5. College students and office-goers can reserve a seat for themselves previously on the bus.
6. Users can find the detailed information related to buses running on different routes with the Kathmandu Valley ( will be expanded soon... ).
7. Users can find the buses to their destination from their current location.
 
Targeted audience:
 1. For college students who have trouble commuting everyday.
2. For the daily office-going people who have a hard time during their travel.
3. For people in new places who can't figure out how to get back home.
4. For the users who are travelling far away on long routes.
5. For the users who are tired of waiting for buses all the time.
And this is just a small list. This app is for everyone who has to go through the tedious travel in buses and bargaining with drivers for unfair fares.
 
Main Benefits:
1. Easy to find buses that run on a particular route.
2. Easy to find the exact location of a particular set bus.
3. Easy to book tickets for the bus
4. Easy to reserve a spot on the bus.
5. Easy to get in touch with the owner and driver of the bus.
6. Users won't have to wait for buses any more.
7. Users won't have to undergo the uncertainity of finding means of public transport at a given location at a given time.
 
Platform: Android, Windows phone, Others(Blackberry)  


